Add Lotus Engine to Window flatform (#446)
iptv-org/awesome-iptv: README.md

- [Nightmare TV](https://apps.microsoft.com/detail/9PLPLGHTVB5G) - libmpv-based IPTV/M3U/Xtream Codes player for Windows with HDR tone-mapping (BT.2390), Dolby Atmos/DTS-X passthrough, and multi-view.
- [sbtlTV](https://github.com/thesubtleties/sbtlTV) - A free, open-source desktop IPTV player built with Electron and mpv, focused on a simple, low-latency experience with Xtream and M3U support, EPG, movies and series, multi-source merging, and watch progress.
- [Blazin IPTV Player](https://apps.microsoft.com/detail/9nq5s0ffcn8t?hl=en-US&gl=US) - All-in-one Windows IPTV player for Xtream, STB MAC, Stalker, M3U files, and M3U URLs with multi-threaded playlist loading and built-in VLC playback.

> - [Lotus Engine](https://github.com/hieu-TQS/MediaLedInterface) - A free, open-source desktop IPTV player supports Digital Rights Management for Media Presentation Description (Support started with version 8.2)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Lotus Engine](https://github.com/hieu-TQS/MediaLedInterface) - A free, open-source desktop IPTV player that supports Digital Rights Management for Media Presentation Description.
```
